In approaching this assignment one of the things we first started out 
with was creating Emit() functions for the nodes, by implementing them
using the same virtual method business used for the Print and Check 
functions in the last programming projects. We did not really implement
that much of the semantic ananlysis from project 3 in this project 
since it was not necessarily required for us to do so. However, we did
leave in many of the Check and Print functions in our code. Before we 
could really get started, it was crucial to go over the LLVM Language 
Reference manual to make sure we had a good grasp on BC and LLVM module 
structure. We tried to follow the advice approach from the write up by 
traversing the AST tree nodes to emit instructions since the root node
can map to LLVM module. In this node, each variable decl can be generated 
as LLVM GlobalVariable, and each function decl as a LLVM function.

We also created an entry block in the function body, and added many local
variables that we saw fit to be able to proceed with the functionality of
our functions and code. For simplicity, we used a load/store based
generation so that we only needed to scan the AST tree once. We also had 
keep the basic blocks for the if/while/for constrol structures in lexical 
order to make sure the LLVM structure was well formed. Overall, VarDecl
and FnDecl were the toughest to implement and once we began testing, much
of the reason why many of our tests were failing were due to errors in
FnDecl and VarDecl as opposed to the errors being inside the functions we
were testing themselves. Aside from that, we encountered many errors that 
were difficult to fix. Reading some online references and documentation,
as well as looking through piazza where many people were experiencing the
same kind of issues really helped us a lot.

One of our main issues was that we kept getting segmentation faults for
a lot of the tests we were running, especially the tests provided for
the checkpoint. By using valgrind we were able to debug many of our errors
as well as changing the logic of some of our functions which was the reason
for many of our issues throughout this project. For testing, we used the
first set of tests provided to us which were the checkpoint tests. Once we 
got all of those tests working, we added some more tests of our own to try 
to catch any hidden testing that might be checked. We also ran our
tests on the extra set of tests provided on piazza by the TA and we also
noticed that some of our peers posted some tests of their own on piazza. So
we also ran our project on the student tester provided. Not many of the tests
passed from the student tester, and we didn't try to fix that as it was causing
main functionality to stop working too.

Because LLVM IR doesn’t have swizzles, we had to simulate it via shufflevector
instruction, which was one of the toughest implementations we encountered in
the project. Reading through piazza and reading the assigned chapters and references 
as well as searching for some documentation on LLVM helped us solve a lot of our issues.
We finally managed to get a working solution to where all the tests we were using
passed and we got rid of all of the warnings when running make.

